DOC-1964:  menu item was enabled before any comments were added. (#2680)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.4.2-release-notes.adoc

// {productname} 6.4.2 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === `deleteallconversations` menu item was enabled before any comments were added.
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the menu button for `deleteallconversations` was not disabled when the comment dialog was empty.
> 
> To fix this issue, the menu button will now be `disabled` if the comments section within the menu verifies no content is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== The ‘Comments > Delete all conversations’ menu item was enabled even when no comments were added

In previous versions of {productname}, if the Premium plugin, xref:introduction-to-tiny-comments.adoc[Tiny Comments] was also running, {productname} did not check the state of the comments section.

Consequently, the _Comments > Delete all conversations_ menu item was not disabled even when the comments section was empty.

With this update, if xref:introduction-to-tiny-comments.adoc[Tiny Comments] is running, {productname} now checks the comments section state and this menu item is now, as expected, disabled when the {productname} comments section contains no comments.
```
Suggested edit, mostly to make this about TinyMCE and not the [Tiny Comments](https://tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/6/introduction-to-tiny-comments/) Premium plugin.
